oh hey the lads my name is Brian and
welcome to a brand new video from me now
I'm sure all of you know the story in
relation to future support for
battlefield 4 and how dice la have a
plan to release some sort of DLC for the
game over the next year if you missed it
I made a video talking about this
information in a bit more detail which
is linked on screen and in the
description in that video I discussed
the potential maps that we could be
seeing in future map packs for
battlefield 4 and asked you lads for
your ideas too I also talked about the
maps that I wouldn't like to see return
to the franchise which got me thinking a
little bit about the older titles and
other things that were in the previous
games the number one thing that came to
my mind were the vehicles of past
battlefield titles most people are
speculating on which maps and guns could
be released as DLC but today i would
like to run down through some of the
most beloved vehicles from battlefield
titles that i would like to see remade
for battlefield 4 and potentially
battlefield hardline now if you've
played the battlefield series for a long
time then you would know it has changed
in some areas me myself I started
playing with bad company 2 so about four
years ago by this I mean bad company 2
was the first battlefield title I owned
myself but battlefield 2 was the first
one I ever played not too much but
enough to get me hooked on the franchise
recently I've gone back to bad company 2
just to see how it compares to
battlefield 3 and 4 one major difference
i noticed was on the vehicle front in
bad company 2 there were no jets similar
to hard light in that way this put more
emphasis on ground battles between heavy
and light vehicles while there were
helicopters there were no scalp choppers
which left only the attack and transport
helis available from my experience at
bad company 2 I didn't really miss the
jets or the Scout heli frankly I liked
not having them in the game my point is
is that the vehicles in Battlefield
games differ from each title you even
see this with DLC naval strike for
example contains attack boats for
obvious reasons
while dragon seat focuses more on tanks
and light infantry vehicles so if we do
get another DLC for Battlefield 4 that
takes maps from several different
previous titles what vehicles do we want
with them in the battlefield DLC survey
that dice la posted about a week ago the
4 maps that I chose were from four
different battlefield games if multiple
people did this then the next map pack
would contain those four maps this would
result in vehicles from four different
games coming together in one DLC now
will be fine if all the maps chosen were
from Bad Company 1 and 2 plus
battlefield 3 and 4 because the vehicles
in those games are all fairly similar
where things could get interesting is if
the maps chosen we're from battlefield
2142 1942 vietnam and battlefield to
each of these games are set in a
different time period which results in
different vehicles personally I think
you'll be really cool to see some of the
Vietnam vehicles like the Huey in
battlefield 4 we've already seen it
happen with final stand with the hover
tank though not an exact replica of
anything from 2142 it's a start so if a
sixth DLC is coming and we are getting
maps from multiple games with different
vehicles here is my list of battlefield
classics that I would love to see back
as DLC my first choice would have to be
the little beast that is the m3 a three
bradley light infantry tank from bad
company 2 I don't know how long I've
spent in this little thing it's just too
much fun not too big and strong to fully
take on a main battle tank but nimble
and fast enough to take on infantry I
know we have light armor in the game
already like the la veas but I just
really like the Bradley the second
vehicle I would like to see make it into
the future DLC for battlefield 4 is the
type 36 hockey moto these were little
hover jeeps from 2142 northern strike I
could easily see these things flank
about on some maps especially because
the same mechanics can be copied and
pasted over from the hover tank in final
stand in my third map taken from
battlefield vietnam i would love to get
the old vietnam Huey this could also be
taken from the vietnam expansion for bad
company 2 just as long as it plays the
stereotypical vietnam
1960s music I love flying into battle
blaring music from the heli doors and I
think this could make a great vehicle
for the DLC and finally for my fourth
and final vehicle from the original
battlefield I would love to fly around
in a flat nur this was a weird plane
helicopter hybrid that those pesky Nazis
were developing on during the war I
think it would be a nice little joke
just to have this thing flying around
the battlefield 4 I think it would be
more of a skid loader type vehicle
rather than a serious battle asset
anywhere else they are my top vehicles
that I would love to see in future
battlefield 4 DLC and possibly in
hardline if you did enjoy the video
please leave a thumbs up down below and
let me know what vehicles you lads would
like to see in future DLC thanks so much
for watching lads and I'll see you later